bpo-39824: module_traverse() don't call m_traverse if md_state=NULL (#18738)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2020-03-02-11-29-45.bpo-39824.71_ZMn.rst

Extension modules: :c:member:`~PyModuleDef.m_traverse`,
:c:member:`~PyModuleDef.m_clear` and :c:member:`~PyModuleDef.m_free` functions
of :c:type:`PyModuleDef` are no longer called if the module state was requested
but is not allocated yet. This is the case immediately after the module is
created and before the module is executed (:c:data:`Py_mod_exec` function). More

> precisely, this function is not called if :c:member:`~PyModuleDef.m_size` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
precisely, these functions are not called if :c:member:`~PyModuleDef.m_size` is
```
